🤖🤖🤖 fix(masking): preserve referential equality of masked data on refetch (#13184)
apollographql/apollo-client: .changeset/fix-masked-data-referential-equality.md

---
"@apollo/client": patch
---

> fix(masking): preserve referential equality of masked data on refetch with identical results

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Preserve referential equality of masked data on refetch when the result is deeply equal to the previous result.
```

No need to add the conventional commit style in this message. This will show up as a "patch change" in the release notes.
